git,dpkg-query -l
llvm-4.0,dpkg-query -l
clang-4.0,dpkg-query -l
libclang-4.0-dev,dpkg-query -l
make,dpkg-query -l
automake,dpkg-query -l
libbz2-dev,dpkg-query -l
libssl-dev,dpkg-query -l
doxygen,dpkg-query -l
graphviz,dpkg-query -l
libgmp3-dev,dpkg-query -l
autotools-dev,dpkg-query -l
build-essential,dpkg-query -l
libicu-dev,dpkg-query -l
python2.7,dpkg-query -l
python2.7-dev,dpkg-query -l
python3,dpkg-query -l
python3-dev,dpkg-query -l
autoconf,dpkg-query -l
libtool,dpkg-query -l
curl,dpkg-query -l
zlib1g-dev,dpkg-query -l
sudo,dpkg-query -l
ruby,dpkg-query -l
libusb-1.0-0-dev,dpkg-query -l
libcurl4-gnutls-dev,dpkg-query -l
pkg-config,dpkg-query -l